README.md, before:

# QoL Aska mods

## What is it ?
Some QoL mods for Aska game \
<code style="color:red;">BACKUP YOUR SAVE</code>\
This is still in development

## Spikes self damage reduction
Originally spikes do 5 damage to enemy and 20 damage to itself. This is pretty annoying, because pack of smolkers can easily destroy your perimeter.\
Self damage to walls is now reduced to 2.

## Walls / Towers anchors fix
Currently in game there is a gap about 0,3m between walls when using snapping. This gap is now reduced to 0.
It will works only for new Wall created.

## Paint grass
You can press "]" key to paint grass in a place where you stand.

## Features in progress
- Increase some harvestable items based on Villager/Player skill. lvl.0 - lvl.100 = 0 - 100% percentage chance to spawn bonus resource.\
	- in progress - villagers only
	- Hardwood log - done
	- not yet - player

## Planned features
- Adding workstations as target for Market
	- gathering info from code
- Prevent villagers or warehouse workers grabbing materials needed for crafting from workstations - no more multiple warehouses and Whitelists
- Prevent Carpenter returning his iron items to craftstation even if he is not Blacksmith or have a quest to do
- 
- 


## Installation - This is your first mod
1. BepInEx is required and can be downloaded from here\
Version required : BepInEx-Unity.IL2CPP-win-x64-6.xxxxx.zip < Make sure it is - BepInEx Unity (IL2CPP) for Windows (x64) games\
[BepInEx](https://builds.bepinex.dev/projects/bepinex_be)
2. Extract BepInEx directly into the game folder
3. Run the game once and wait for BepInEx to generate the required Dlls and Folders
4. Download the latest mod release from here [Release](https://github.com/radekkpl/askaplus.bepinex.mod/releases/)
5. Extract the mods into ASKAGamePath\BepInEx\plugins
6. Run the game and enjoy

## Installation - If you already have other mods and BepInEx
1. Download the latest mod release from here [Release](https://github.com/radekkpl/askaplus.bepinex.mod/releases/)
2. Extract the mods into ASKAGamePath\BepInEx\plugins
3. Run the game and enjoy

Commit message:

Added more torches to buildings Refactoring adding torches to generalize it

README.md, after:

# QoL Aska mods

## What is it ?
Some QoL mods for Aska game \
<code style="color:red;">BACKUP YOUR SAVE</code>\
This is still in development

## Spikes self damage reduction
Originally spikes do 5 damage to enemy and 20 damage to itself. This is pretty annoying, because pack of smolkers can easily destroy your perimeter.\
Self damage to walls is now reduced to 2.

## Walls / Towers anchors fix
Currently in game there is a gap about 0,3m between walls when using snapping. This gap is now reduced to 0.
It will works only for new Wall created.

## Paint grass
You can press "]" key to paint grass in front of you (3m).

## Features in progress
- Increase some harvestable items based on Villager/Player skill. lvl.0 - lvl.100 = 0 - 100% percentage chance to spawn bonus resource.\
	- Hardwood log - done

## Torches to buildings
- Adding torches to buildings to lit your village.


## Planned features
- Ingame settings of mod attributes (Enable/disable feature, etc.)
- Adding workstations as target for Market
	- gathering info from code
- Prevent villagers or warehouse workers grabbing materials needed for crafting from workstations - no more multiple warehouses and Whitelists
- Prevent Carpenter returning his iron items to craftstation even if he is not Blacksmith or have a quest to do
- 
- 


## Installation - This is your first mod
1. BepInEx is required and can be downloaded from here\
Version required : BepInEx-Unity.IL2CPP-win-x64-6.xxxxx.zip < Make sure it is - BepInEx Unity (IL2CPP) for Windows (x64) games\
[BepInEx](https://builds.bepinex.dev/projects/bepinex_be)
2. Extract BepInEx directly into the game folder
3. Run the game once and wait for BepInEx to generate the required Dlls and Folders
4. Download the latest mod release from here [Release](https://github.com/radekkpl/askaplus.bepinex.mod/releases/)
5. Extract the mods into ASKAGamePath\BepInEx\plugins
6. Run the game and enjoy

## Installation - If you already have other mods and BepInEx
1. Download the latest mod release from here [Release](https://github.com/radekkpl/askaplus.bepinex.mod/releases/)
2. Extract the mods into ASKAGamePath\BepInEx\plugins
3. Run the game and enjoy
